# Telegramsjs@0.2.0 

## Added 
### Events
- `groupBroadcastInvited` - keeps track of user's video call invitations in a group. 

### Methods for `Events` 
- `isCommand(checkAllEntities=false)` - checks if the message contains a command in the first `entities` object. If you want it to search all `entities`, set it to `true`. 
- `isPhoto()` - check if the message contains a photo.
- `isDocument()` - check if the message contains a document. 
- `isAudio()` - check if the message contains audio. 
- `isVideoNote()` - check if the message contains a circular video note. 
- `isVoice()` - check if the message contains a voice message. 
- `isSticker()` - check if there is a sticker in the message. 
- `isContact()` - check if there is a contact in the message. 
- `isPoll()` - check if there is a vote in the message. 
- `isLocation()` - check if the message contains a location. 
- `defer(interactionId?)` - responds to button interactions, i.e. instead of `bot.answerCallbackQuery(..)` you can use `interaction.defer()`. 

### Methods for `Button` 
- `fromJSON(jsonButton)` - creates a new Button object from a button object in the format expected in the Telegram Bot API. 
- `toString()` - returns a text representation of the button object in the format expected by the Telegram Bot API. 

### Methods for `Collection` 
- `keys()` - returns an iterator containing all the keys of the elements of the collection. 
- `values()` - returns an iterator that contains all the values of the elements in the collection. 
- `keyArray()` - returns an array containing all the keys in the collection in insertion order. 
- `entries()` - returns a new Iterator object containing [key, value] pairs for each element in the collection. 
- `toArrayByKey()` - returns an array containing all values of the elements of the collection, grouped by keys. 
- `merge(otherCollection)` - merges the given collection with another collection. 
- `clone()` - creates a copy of this collection. 
- `toMap()` - returns an instance of the `Map` class that contains all the elements of the given collection. 

### Constants 
- `TelegramIntentBits` - contains all events that can be tracked. 
- `IntentBits` - `IntentBits` constants for the `IntentsBitField` class. 
- `version` - current version of `Telegramjs`.

### Class IntentsBitField 
This class defines `IntentsBitField`, which is an implementation of a bit field for storing intents (intents or getUpdates) 

## Changes 
- `bot.start()` is now `bot.login()`, which is reminiscent of `Discord.js` and the main feature of `Telegramsjs` 

## Fix functions 
- `reopenForumTopic`, `closeForumTopic`, `createForumTopic`, `editForumTopic`, `getForumTopicIconStickers`, `deleteChatStickerSet`, `setChatStickerSet`, `getChatMember`, `pinChatMessage`, `setChatDescription`, `setChatTitle`, `deleteChatPhoto`, ` setChatPhoto`, `revokeChatInviteLink`, `editChatInviteLink`, `createChatInviteLink`, `portChatInviteLink`, `answerShippingQuery`, `answerPreCheckoutQuery`, `setPassportDataErrors` - added "TelegramApiError" error check, also now these functions are asynchronous 
- object in `interactionCreate` has been fixed, i.e. the error was in `interaction.message.chat.send()`, now it is `interaction.chat.send()`