# Telegramsjs@1.0.0

## Fixed
- Fixed the `sendVideoNote` method by adding the `replyMarkup` parameter.
- Fixed the `banChatSenderChat` method by adding the `senderChatId` parameter.

## Changed
- The `Collection` class is no longer a separate library. In the release of version `1.0.0`, the `@telegram.ts/collection` library will be removed or deprecated.
- The formatting methods `markdownv` and `html` are no longer separate methods in the library. In the release of version `1.0.0`, the `@telegram.ts/formatters` library will be removed or deprecated.
- The `Events` constant has been updated for new events.

## Removed
- Removed duplicate methods `setStickerKeywords`, `setStickerMaskPosition`, `deleteWebhook`.
- Removed methods `isLocation`, `isPoll`, `isContact`, `isVoice`, `isVideoNote`, `isSticker`, `isAudio`, `isDocument`, `isPhoto`, `typing`, `remove`, `deleted`, `createMessageCollector`, `deferUpdate...` permanently 🫡

## Added
- Added a new method to the `TelegramBot` class:
  - `command('command_name', (message: object, args: string[] | undefined))` - for easier command creation.

- Added new methods to the `Collection` class:
  - `with(index: number, value: V)` - returns a new collection with the replaced value at the specified index.
  - `toReversed()` - returns a new `Collection` instance with key-value pairs in reverse order.
  - `toSplised()` - returns a new `Collection` instance that contains a subset of key-value pairs, starting from the specified start index (inclusive) and ending at the specified end index (exclusive).
  - `chunk(size: number)` - splits the collection into sub-collections of the specified size and returns an array of new collections.
  - `keyOf(value: V)` - returns the first key that corresponds to the specified value in the collection.

- Added parameters to the constructor of the `Markup` class:
  - `loginUrl`, `switchInlineQuery`, `switchInlineQueryCurrentChat`, `switchInlineQueryChosenChat`, `callbackGame`, `pay`.
  - Added methods:
  - `setLoginUrl(url: string, forward_text?: string, bot_username?: string, request_write_access?: boolean)` - sets the login URL for the markup.
  - `setSwitchInlineQuery(switchInlineQuery: string)` - sets the switch inline query for the markup.
  - `setSwitchInlineQueryCurrentChat(switchInlineQueryCurrentChat: string)` - sets the switch inline query for the current chat.
  - `setSwitchInlineQueryChosenChat(switchInlineQueryChosenChat: {query?: string, allow_user_chats?: boolean, allow_bot_chats?: boolean, allow_group_chats?: boolean, allow_channel_chats?: boolean })` - sets the chosen switch inline query for the markup.
  - `setCallbackGame(callbackGame: {user_id: number, score: number, force?: boolean, disable_edit_message?: boolean, chat_id?: number, message_id?: number, inline_message_id?: number })` - sets the callback game for the markup.
  - `setPay(pay: boolean)` - sets the "pay" option for the markup.

## Attention
-️ It's not perfect, but it's better than nothing. I will fix the error.